PHP Pivotal Tracker Class

This is a simple PHP class that connects to the Pivotal 
Tracker (pivotaltracker.com) API and lets you create a 
story in an existing project and assign tasks to that story. 
I wrote this because we switched to using Pivotal Tracker 
at work and I needed a way to insert stories from web based 
forms.

Documentation, should you need it, is available at the URL
below.

http://www.joeldare.com/wiki/php_pivotal_tracker_class

LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2011 Joel Dare

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the 
Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall 
be included in all copies or substantial portions of the 
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS 
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR 
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
